---
keywords: fastai
title: Notes
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-12-08-U3-S12-13.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-12-08-U3-S12-13.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="U3-S12-13-Homework">U3 S12-13 Homework<a class="anchor-link" href="#U3-S12-13-Homework"> </a></h2><ul>
<li>toc: true </li>
<li>comments: true</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<p>Problem 1: This problem involves parameters
Qais is writing code to calculate formulas from his math class. He's currently working on a procedure to calculate average speed, based on this formula:</p>
<p>Average speed=</p>
<p>Total Time/Total Distance​</p>
<p>Highlight which of these is the best procedure for calculating and displaying average speed.
PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) { DISPLAY (distance/time) }
PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance) { DISPLAY (distance/time) }
PROCEDURE calcAvgSpeed (distance, time) { DISPLAY (time/distance) }
Problem 2: Procedures with return values
James Hunter is looking through his classmate's program and sees a procedure called heightenEmotions: PROCEDURE heightenEmotions(myEmotion)</p>
<p>{ moreEnergy ← CONCAT(myEmotion, "!!!")</p>
<p>moreVolume ← UPPER(moreEnergy)</p>
<p>RETURN moreVolume }</p>
<p>That procedure manipulates strings using two built-in procedures, CONCAT for concatenating two strings together, and UPPER for converting a string to uppercase.</p>
<p>James Hunter then sees this line of code:</p>
<p>heightenEmotions("im mad")</p>
<p>After that line of code runs, will nothing be displayed?</p>
<p>True</p>
<p>False</p>
<p>Problem 3: Procedures with return values
Bubz is writing a program to calculate the carbon footprint of his activities. The procedure calcFlightFootprint calculates the pounds of carbon dioxide produced per passenger in a flight that covers a given number of miles and seats a given number of passengers.</p>
<p>PROCEDURE calcFlightFootprint(numMiles, numPassengers) { CO2_PER_MILE ← 53.29</p>
<p>carbonPerFlight ← numMiles * CO2_PER_MILE</p>
<p>carbonPerPassenger ← carbonPerFlight / numPassengers</p>
<p>RETURN carbonPerPassenger</p>
<p>}</p>
<p>Bubz wants to use that procedure to calculate the total footprint for his two upcoming flights: LA to NY: 2,451 miles and 118 passengers NY to London: 3,442 miles and 252 passengers</p>
<p>Which of these code snippets successfully calculates and stores her total footprint? Highlight 2 answers.</p>
<p>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) + calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252)</p>
<p>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118 + 3442, 252)</p>
<p>totalFootprint ← calcFlightFootprint((2451, 118) + (3442, 252))</p>
<ol>
<li>laNyCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(2451, 118) nyLondonCarbon ← calcFlightFootprint(3442, 252) totalFootprint ← laNyCarbon + nyLondonCarbon</li>
</ol>
<p>&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

