---
keywords: fastai
title: Reflection
toc: true
comments: true
nb_path: _notebooks/2023-01-24-BigIdea5.1&5.2.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2023-01-24-BigIdea5.1&5.2.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="5.1-Reflection">5.1 Reflection<a class="anchor-link" href="#5.1-Reflection"> </a></h2><ol>
<li>Come up with three of your own Beneficial and corresponding Harmful Effects of Computing</li>
</ol>
<p>Benificial:It can be used in life to make people's life more convenient
It can be used for scientific and technological development, allowing society to progress
It can enable people to innovate their minds and broaden their horizons</p>
<p>Harmful:Some people will use it to do the work they are supposed to do, or they will use it to cheat, etc.
Life becomes more convenient will make people become more lazy and slow-minded.
The higher the level of technological innovation, the more it may be out of human control</p>
<ol>
<li>Talk about dopamine issues above. Real? Parent conspiracy? Anything that is impacting your personal study and success in High School?</li>
</ol>
<p>The above is indeed true. The secretion of dopamine can make us addicted to games and social media, leading to missed assignments and lower grades, which can have a great impact on our lives. We can play games and social media, but we can't get addicted to them, think about our aspirations and future, and keep working hard.</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h2 id="5.2-Reflection">5.2 Reflection<a class="anchor-link" href="#5.2-Reflection"> </a></h2><ol>
<li>How does someone empower themself in a digital world?</li>
</ol>
<p>In the digital world we can do what we want to do, across time and space, and we can have online classes during covid as if we were inside a classroom. So we can also learn through online classes, and we can also find information online to enrich our knowledge and experience</p>
<ol>
<li>How does someone that is empowered help someone that is not empowered? Describe something you could do at Del Norte HS.
Is paper or red tape blocking digital empowerment? Are there such barriers at Del Norte? Elsewhere?</li>
</ol>
<p>I can help my classmates in areas of expertise, guiding and helping them solve difficult problems. Learning on paper is also a form of learning, in that sometimes paper is rather faster and more effective, such as recording a quick reminder and doing math problems. I don't think so. Other places may have it, some may not have enough money to buy so many electronic devices, etc.</p>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

